June 1st 


May 30

I moved envelope stuff into it's own css to keep track of where all the issues were comming from. 
because I'm still struggling to figure out why the envelope was not working and keeps going above the page.

may 26

FINANLLY GOT THE POSITION TO WORK> So it's now centered (cant rememebr how) and I got the invite to finally be bigger than the envelope at this time. I tried %, i trem rem, but i got it to 
work using this:

#invite {
    position: fixed;
    left: 50%;
    top: 50%;
    width: 600px ;      <----- this code!!!
    text-align: center;
    background-color: var(--envelope-flap-color);
    box-shadow: var(--box-shadow);

    transform: translate(-50%, 0%) scale(0.5);
    opacity: 0;
    border-radius: 10px;
    transition: transform 0.6s ease, opacity 0.6s ease;
    z-index: 10000;
}




may 23 
OKAY WHEN I remove position: fixed i tallows the size to be normal but wont text aling

may 22

I changed the secondary bacgrund (<main></main>) to brown. I dont knowif i like the brown. the only 
other colorI cn think of is dark green which im not against but I'll have to change font color. I need family feedback so 
I'll wait on that and leave it brown.
also!!! I found a way to add my writing style onto the page! I had it on the invite at first but didn't like it, so I just have it for footer, nav and "you're invited" on the invite paper.



may 19 

I forgot to type here more cosnistently... my bad!

I update the navigation! I got sooo excited about it. I did have help
from chatgpt, and making sure that it worked. I just need to figure out why 
there's this "button" or "mark" that shows up on the page when in mobile view.

I also fixed some stuf i resources-used.thml/ i added the css
I created a new css for nav and the resource page, i think i'll be excited!

I probably should have used svelte for this project, but I'm gald
I get to refresh the concepts of basic static html and css. I'm excited that 

it's mainly css. I did debate about adding javascrippt so i can do what that one 
code pen I linkedn "resources-used" had, but I thik i want to stick t seeing
what i can do with just html and css. I think I can do it!

i regret making changes to the timeline page. I loved the resume look for it.
I'll fix that later if i ave time. for now I'll
seewhat i canget done

i tried to update timeline but i noticed the nav isnt working. That's interesting so I'll be trying to figure out how to navigate that after i get everything else working.



may 10th

I forgot to take notes each time I worked. Fear not though! I had to remove a lot fo those changes anyways! 

Some of the changes I made today was where chatgbt had me write something like
 .content > .wrappper > invite
 
 when a simple 
  #invite 
  
worked just fine

I'm trying to work on the envelope and I used this as inspiration
This is one of my favourite envelope functions I've found
https://codepen.io/frills/pen/xbxxzBw

i want to have the letter effect it has



May 8 th
i
 dit some more and I never oushed the decent working copy to github (just imagine the upside down emoji face) so I'm dooned


May 7 2025: 

make a link that leads to a google form, 
or better yet, have a button that leads them 
to a form you created that updates to supabase
 or firebase. 

add this note maybe to the form: 
If you feel the need to gift me, here are some suggestions:
- A gift card to Walmart, Target, or Amazon
- diploma from from this link:
-any web development clothing (hoodies, shirts, etc.)
- a web development book (I like to read, especially biographies. Here's a list of suggestions: ) 
- something church related 




I'm getting sleepy but i wanted tto sya im proud of what i coud get done. YEs I broek it immediatly after it worked but all in  day of progress



